# org.openapitools.client - Kotlin client library for OpenAPI Petstore

This is a sample server Petstore server. For this sample, you can use the api key `special-key` to test the authorization filters.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 
- Generator version: 7.11.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.KotlinClientCodegen

## Requires

* Kotlin 1.7.21
* Gradle 7.5

## Build

First, create the gradle wrapper script:

```
gradle wrapper
```

Then, run:

```
./gradlew check assemble
```

This runs all tests and packages the library.

## Features/Implementation Notes

* Supports JSON inputs/outputs, File inputs, and Form inputs.
* Supports collection formats for query parameters: csv, tsv, ssv, pipes.
* Some Kotlin and Java types are fully qualified to avoid conflicts with types defined in OpenAPI definitions.
* Implementation of ApiClient is intended to reduce method counts, specifically to benefit Android targets.



<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="petstore_auth"></a>
### petstore_auth

- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: implicit
- **Authorization URL**: http://petstore.swagger.io/api/oauth/dialog
- **Scopes**: 
  - write:pets: modify pets in your account
  - read:pets: read your pets

<a id="api_key"></a>
### api_key

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: api_key
- **Location**: HTTP header

